For Jiganto's "Projects" module we need to try cater for several use case scenarios.

Scenario 1
Users sometimes only want to have one or two boards to track activities which are classed as very small projects that might not be monitored within the task management module. They might have a small team or working together and track tasks using a Kanban board where they all share the tasks on a first come first serve basis

Scenario 2
A software development company wants to develop a new product and will define a backlog of requirements. They will then create a Sprint plan and estimate the effort for each of those battle of items and the resource is that need to be allocated. He sprints can be anything from a few days to a few weeks and then there will be the daily or weekly scrum meetings to track progress on the Sprint Plan. This will be tracked on a scrum basis as opposed to Kanban. So scenario 2 is more focused on product development.

Scenario 3
A company decides to embark on his small project with a team of resource is and they will use a gantt chart to manage the project and allocate tasks to individuals. Well choose a particular methodology or deployment framework which defines the different phases and activities needed for that project and for the project team to follow. Whilst a gantt chart will be used, the users will want to see that same data in a calendar format or column format like a Kanban board or even a list format where they can group activities by person

Scenario 4
A project is set up for a customer where the overall project might be run on a waterfall bases but the design and build face is managed on an agile basis, IE using a scrum board with backlog items and sprint plans to deliver the outputs during the build phase. I refer to this as WAGILE or hybrid which combines both waterfall and agile project management together which is very common now. When the project is set up  the project manager will choose what needs to be used to manage this project come up for example documentation, implementation framework or methodology, resource management like timesheets, test management and bugs and defects management, business process management we business processes or documented like order to cash or purchase to pay or record to report. The use of a raid log where they can track issues, assumptions, dependencies risks, and decisions made RAID. When users on board at the beginning or during the project, they need to be able to see what the projects about what methodology is being used and also who's part of the project team and also what governance model is being used. For the governance model we need to define the people that are part of the project board or steering committee and how frequently they meet and what the responsibility of the project board or student committee is. These projects come out depending on the size will also have a project initiation document describing how the entire project will be run or a project charter that summarises how the project will be run. The choice of a PID or a project charter will depend on the methodology being used. A dashboard is then typically set up to monitor all the activities of the project which includes RAG status per week, work stream update by the work stream owners, RAIDD listing (top five), The dashboard also needs to be able to present the high level plan which is typically a level 1 plan showing timeline, phases, activities and key milestones. In addition, as people progress during the project and the different phases, various documentation is produced and will need to be approved and signed off. Hence, a tracker that lists the documentation that he's plan to be produced for the project is needed listing who will be the reviewer's and the approvers with the status column highlighting if something has been reviewed or approved. In addition, a change request form is needed where often the customer whether that's external in or internal may want to change the scope and this will need to be approved by the CAB, change Advisory Board before it can be accepted into the project as additional scope.

Scenario 5
This can be the same as scenario 4 but multiple projects which are often referred to as releases can be managed as a overall programme where several project managers can be involved an resource is can work across multiple releases. Understanding resource utilisation and capacity is very important. I use a report called the 360 degree report for project or programme managers that typically summarises everything you need to know about a project or will have quick links to more detailed information where required

In summary, there are 14 critical tools that will be needed to support the above scenarios, namely:

	1. User definable Tracking Board (Monday board style) - Often multiple boards will be used
	2. Gantt chart showing Phases, Work Streams, Activities, Sub Activities, Tasks, Sub Tasks, Resource Allocation
	3. Kanban Boards, which is nothing more than a list of tasks which is then allocated to status's and displayed in a Column format
	4. Scrub Boards listing backlog items by sprint
	5. Sprint plan listing all backlog items and which sprint they are allocated to with estimated effort and owner of backlog
	6. RAIDD Log - To Track issues, assumptions, dependencies risks, and decisions
	7. Org Chart - Ability to help people visualise the Org Structure of the Project
	8. Governance Model - Showcasing a Project Board or Steering Committee and the attendees + roles of the attendees and the frequency they will meet
	9. Governance Activity plan - Showing which meetings are taking place and the frequency of meetings, e.g. Scrum meetings per functional area might take place daily for 30 mins, other meetings might be twice a week and Project Board or Steering Committee will take place once a week
	10. A document tracker that lists the documentation that planned to be produced for the project is needed listing who will be the reviewer's and the approvers with the status column highlighting if something has been reviewed or approved. 
	11. A change request form is needed where often the customer whether that's external in or internal may want to change the scope and this will need to be approved by the CAB, change Advisory Board (or a similar body) before it can be accepted into the project as additional scope.
	12. A template library is required for users to be able to access ready-made templates that will help accelerate the project. These templates will grow over time and both customers or system integrators or even the Jiganto admin team can create and dad to this library
	13. Finally, Reporting is most critical to satisfy all levels of people in the Project from Functional and Technical Consultants through to Manager, Workstream Leads, Business Analysts, Project & Program Managers, PMO, Execs, Steering Committee & Project or Programme Boards
