	1. Status - Drop down list with pre-delivered options, with customisable entries too. Not Started (Grey), In Progress (green), At Risk (Amber), Delayed (Red), Completed (Blue)
	2. Priority - Drop down list with pre-delivered options, with customisable entries too. Low (Green), Medium (Amber), High (red), Very High (dark red)
	3. Assignee - User Definable, manually entered, but also cross references users in system assigned to Entity
	4. Due Date - Calendar drop down
	5. Time Tracking - Track time effortlessly with the Time Tracking attribute Monitor work progress, improve productivity, and easily log in your work hours within items in your boards
	6. Date - Add the Date attribute to any item representing an event or a meeting, and easily manage your obligations, as well as deadlines You can add multiple dates to items
	7. Labels - Create a new set of labels whenever you need a specific tag for your tasks and projects You can use labels for anything from tracking orders to sales phases
	8. Checkbox - Add a checkbox to your items and tick off tasks as you’re done with them The Checkbox attribute can especially come in handy in to-do lists and the List view
	9. Text - Add a short line of text to any item in your board The Text attribute is usually used to name tasks/projects, or to leave short notes for yourself or a team member
	10. Long Text - The Long Text attribute gives you a space on your items where you can add comments, instructions, and longer pieces of text Ideal for the Columns view
	11. Checklist - If you need to create a list of subtasks on your items, then the Checklist attribute will definitely come in handy You can tick off tasks on the list as you complete them
	12. Links - Make sure that important links and documents are at the tips of your fingers at all times with the help of the Links attribute You can add multiple Links attributes to items
	13. Attachments - Use the Attachments attribute to add and keep important documents, images, reports, and any other files you and your team members might need in one place
	14. Number - Add the Number attribute to your items if you’re dealing with sales, metrics, or lead acquisition, and then choose the format you need, eg integer, decimal, currency, etc
	15. Reference - The Reference attribute will help you link related items to one another within a board This is especially useful if you need to connect tasks to projects in different folders
	16. Members - If you want to assign different team members to items in your boards, then the Members attribute is the way to go You can add several people to a single item, too
	17. Vote - By adding the Vote attribute to your items, you give your team members a chance to upvote new ideas, features, or upcoming projects within your folders/boards
	18. Progress - Add a progress bar to all of your items and track how your projects or tasks are progressing in a visual way Moving the progress bar is as easy as clicking on it
	19. Rating - In case you need to rate ideas or your work, the Rating attribute will come in handy Choose your rating symbol, pick a color, and a maximum value from 1 to 10
	20. Email - When working with large databases, having emails of your contacts in a single place is a must Easily add, copy, edit, and send emails from Infinity, in just a few clicks
	21. Phone - Whether you’re creating a client database or a list of your employees, you’ll need their phone numbers Easily copy, edit, call, and send text messages straight from Infinity
	22. Formula - Calculate anything from yearly budgets to estimated costs using the Formula attribute Make simple or advanced calculations between attributes within the same item
	23. Updated At - If you want to keep track of the exact date and time someone edited a certain item in your folder/board, then you’re going to find the Updated At pretty useful for sure
	24. Created At - The Created At attribute automatically adds a timestamp to all your items as you or your team members create them The date and time are displayed and can’t be changed
	25. Created By - If you want to know who created each item in your folder/board, then the Created By attribute will come in handy Automatically adds the icon and initials of a team member
	26. Button - The Button attribute adds interactive buttons to your items, which can trigger specific actions or automations, enhancing efficiency within your boards
Custom - The Custom ID attribute lets you assign a unique identifier (your own ID) to each item within your board/folder, making it easier to track and reference specific tasks or projects