The attached design is what I've just created using Claude where there are two tabs.

The first tab looks resourcing and costing of resources for any CRM opportunities which more often than is needed by professional services or Consulting companies that provide consulting services or resources to engage with customers for a period of time. The idea is that whoever the opportunity manager is, he or she can choose a Resource Template that has your typical resources for your Opportunity you are selling and then can modify the resources, days allocated  and therefore the timelines. 

They can choose existing templates or create their own and then use the standard rate card that might apply to a customer or create their own rates and then offer discounts if they want to negotiate a better deal. The opportunity manager can then also notify the resourcing manager if they do win the opportunity to say they now need to resource this opportunity with actual resources. 

Often when an opportunity manager is working on a new opportunity He or she won't know the individual names that might be allocated to this opportunity but might know what Roles they need for example a project manager or a business analyst or a solution architect ETC. Sometimes the actual individual or the relative skill that is needed will be known and the person that is best suited to perform that role might also be known and they might allocate the name directly on the sheet where they know there is only one of a few persons or one person only that can do the job. 

What it does do is give the opportunity manager the opportunity to list skills as well as named resources if a particular that is best suited for the role is known. The Opportunity manager can list the resources in a table format and also highlight if the person that is selected has holidays or breaks so that this person is accommodated in planning timelines. 

The idea is that when users enter their timesheets in Jiganto, when the resourcing manager tries to book a person he or she will see that certain individuals might not be available over certain time periods due to other long standing commitments, e.g. Holiday or Training or Workshop meetings or other commitments, etc.

What is very good with this design is that you can choose your own templates or create your own customer template and then add additional rows for costing purposes. In terms of rate cards per customer, we all also need this facility either within the CRM or within the resource management area that CRM can also access. In addition the users can toggle between table view and timeline view and then the relevant resources that are allocated to the Opportunity and the days that have been allocated to them over whatever that may be And then they can also edit the days directly in the timeline view where it's visually easier to see how long a person is booked for and for how many days per week.

there are a few design elements we need to think through deeper to make sure they integrate well with Jiganto, for example.

1. When you are in the table view on the Opportunity resource, You need select either a role or a named individual and the named individual Or rather the list of names could be huge if for example you had 500 consultants in the company plus you recruited another 200 contractors and how we manage that drop down to choose between a named individual or a role needs to be thought through carefully and I'm not too sure the current design has well designed or considered.

2. the second requirement is if the Opportunity Resource plan is going to in CRM, When a user goes into CRM and chooses the resource plan tab, They need to first select what opportunity they are looking at or it could default to the last Opportunity but somehow in some way a user needs to be able to choose an opportunity in a drop down list and only then does resource plan present itself.

3. when you are maintaining the table with the phases and the and the names Comm We need the ability to maintain phases because this can vary from customer to customer and project to project and equally the roles and skills need to be maintained centrally and probably within the resource management module So it's centralised but accessible via CRM as well.

4. the same applies to names where we might maintain all the users on the system in settings Area of Jiganto, and this also includes contractors and or customer names.

5. when a user chooses the Timeline view, they have now the ability to edit the days in the individual cells using inline editing. What the system also needs to do is allow users to add dates or days beyond the current timeline so in other words if I want to skip three or four weeks and then add four more days to book a person down in the resource plan, I can do that in the timeline view and not have to go back to the table view and extend the timeline.

6. I may also want to change the sort order of. the individuals by phase and therefore the ability to change the sort order is also important


7. what is also very nice is when you select the timeline toggle switch you see this text that says 12 month view scroll to the right to navigate and then you see the different phases in the different colours including the breaks which is very nice and we need to keep that format because that is very intuitive and easy to follow And when you look at the actual table itself in the timeline view different days are coloured by the different Hases which is really effective and user friendly and very consumable for resource planners.

8. what we may also want to add is when you see all the resources on the left hand column regardless in table view or timeline view And if they are for example five different phases, besides the ability to define the different phases within this template Which is missing Comm It might also be useful to have that as a header in the table view or timeline view So it becomes a little bit more discreet. Its not immediately essential that it might help to make the visualisation better.

9. what is also very nice with this is at the very top the header section showing you the opportunity and the customer and the stage and the wind probability as well as which rate card is being used and who the owner for this opportunity is But also at the very bottom it shows you all the key highlights in terms of total resources and total days cost to customer Weighted value depending on the probability of closure and the confirmed number of resources. We need to keep this view as well as the green shading for the totals and the months and the week dates. This must not change and must remain as is


10. in the capacity board design We have the ability to look at all resources and I think what needs to be thought through slightly better is which resources you show in this page If for example you're looking at an Opportunity or a project. I'm not too sure this design reflects us correctly because if a professional services company with let 500 consultants that worked 50 projects, and there are twenty new opportunities on the go You need to be able to philtre on res by various dimensions like Projects or Opportunities if they've been allocated to an Opportunity etcetera and I'm not too sure this design reflects that totally yet.

11. what I have also noticed which is good but also bad is when you have a resource you can open the arrow and you can see all the different projects they are booked on or planned to worked on or scheduled to work on And it shows you the percentage allocation which is very good What is maybe not so ideal is if you've got someone that's allocated to four or five projects over a period of five or six months with various degrees of resource allocation or utilisation it starts to become very intense with all the different colours And I'm thinking maybe colour indicators should only be at the top level And if you an individual resource and see what they're allocated to instead of showing colours You only show percentage and where you open them up Instead of showing amber or green or purple you have dark grey for what's booked and light grey for it is open so that that way the amount of dark colours is reduced. I'm open to any other best practises that may and could apply.

12. at the top where you can expand or or collapse or and you've got green for confirmed and a dark amber colourful tentative And then a grey with a dash through for break or leave and then dark red for over allocated and then light grey available, I think this should stay And also the toggle switch between utilisation percentage and raw days

13. however when you toggle to raw days you can see in text format how many days are free and I think that is over the top and not user friendly. We need show what days are free and to show the number But if there's no free days I think it should just be a dash to show that there is nothing available. That said I'm happy to any other ideas or best practise ways to show what days have been booked versus what is and if there's better way to show that